AUDIT SECURITY POLICY IMPLEMENTATION IN
WINDOWS ENVIRONMENT

run in cmd adminstrator

FOR %F IN ("%SystemRoot%\servicing\Packages\Microsoft-Windows-GroupPolicy-ClientTools-Package~*.mum") DO (DISM /Online /NoRestart /Add-Package:"%F")


FOR %F IN ("%SystemRoot%\servicing\Packages\Microsoft-Windows-GroupPolicy-ClientExtensions-Package~*.mum") DO (DISM /Online /NoRestart /Add-Package:"%F")

win+r
secpol.msc


PROCEDURE:
An audit of a security policy implementation in a Windows environment involves
evaluating the effectiveness of the existing security measures and procedures to determine if
they are being implemented and followed as stated in the security policy. The objective of an
audit is to identify areas where the implementation of the policy may be lacking, to recommend
changes to the policy implementation, and to ensure that the security measures are being
properly implemented to protect against potential security threats in a Windows environment.
 Review of the existing security policy and procedures: This step involves thoroughly
reviewing the current security policy and procedures for Windows systems to
understand the established security measures
 Assessment of the policy implementation: This step involves assessing the
implementation of the security policy and procedures by reviewing system logs,
monitoring user activity, and conducting interviews with staff to ensure that the security
measures are being properly implemented.
 Evaluation of the security measures: This step involves evaluating the existing security
measures to determine if they are being properly implemented and if they are effective
in addressing potential security threats. This may include testing the security measures,
such as firewalls and antivirus software, to verify their effectiveness.
Ex. No. 1 AUDIT SECURITY POLICY IMPLEMENTATION IN
WINDOWS ENVIRONMENT
2
 Recommendation for improvements: Based on the results of the evaluation,
recommendations for improvements to the policy implementation may be made. This
could include providing additional training to staff, changing access controls, or
updating system configurations.
 Implementation of the recommendations: This step involves implementing the
recommendations to improve the policy implementation and the effectiveness of the
security measures. This could include updating the security policy and procedures,
providing training to staff, and making changes to the Windows systems.
 Regular monitoring and review: Regular monitoring and review of the policy
implementation is important to ensure that the security measures are being properly
implemented and followed. This may involve conducting regular audits, updating the
security policy and procedures, and responding to any changes in the security
landscape.
3
RESULT:
Thus, Implementation of audit security policy on windows environment is executed
successfully. 