REGISTRY EDITING AND VIEWING USING NATIVE
TOOLS OF OS 


open registory editor
copy path 
cmd
reg export "<copy_path>" test.reg


PROCEDURE:
The Windows Registry is a database that stores low-level settings for the Microsoft
Windows operating system and for applications that opt to use the registry. The registry
contains information and settings for hardware, operating system software, and most
applications installed on a computer.
Registry editing and viewing refers to the process of modifying and viewing the
contents of the registry, respectively.
 The Windows Registry Editor (regedit.exe) is the native tool used to edit the registry
on Windows operating systems.
 The registry editor allows users to create, modify, and delete registry keys and values.
 To open the registry editor, go to the Start menu and search for "regedit" or press
Windows + R, type "regedit" and press Enter.
 The registry editor has a tree-like structure, with "hives" at the top level and keys and
values organized beneath them.
Ex. No. 3 REGISTRY EDITING AND VIEWING USING NATIVE
TOOLS OF OS

 The five main hives in the registry are HKEY_CLASSES_ROOT,
HKEY_CURRENT_USER, HKEY_LOCAL_MACHINE, HKEY_USERS, and
HKEY_CURRENT_CONFIG.
 To edit a value, double-click it and enter the new value in the dialog box that appears
 To create a new key, right-click the parent key and select "New" and then "Key."
 To delete a key, right-click it and select "Delete."
 Be careful when editing the registry as incorrect modifications can cause system
instability or even render the operating system unbootable.
 It is recommended to make a backup of the registry before making any modifications.
 To back up the registry, go to File and select "Export."

 You can also use the native Windows tool "Registry Editor" to view the registry.
 To view the registry, open the registry editor as described above and navigate to the
key or value you want to view.
 The registry editor displays the contents of the registry in a tree-like structure, allowing
you to view and search for specific keys and values.
 Another native tool for viewing the registry is the "Reg Command-Line Utility" (REG).
 REG is a command-line tool that allows users to perform various registry operations,
including viewing and exporting registry values.
 To view a specific value using REG, open the command prompt and type "REG
QUERY [key name]" where [key name] is the path to the key you want to view.
 The output will display the contents of the specified key and its values.
 To export the contents of a key to a file using REG, type "REG EXPORT [key name]
[file name]" where [key name] is the path to the key and [file name] is the name of the
file you want to export to.
 These are some of the native tools available for registry editing and viewing in
Windows operating systems. Always be cautious when making changes to the registry
and consider backing up the registry before making any modifications. 
